Handle dependencies in generated/computed/derived symbols (#6569)
dotnet/templating: docs/contributing/how-to-create-new-generated-symbol.md

- `Type` property - unique `string` name, matching generated symbol type
- `Evaluate(IEngineEnvironmentSettings environmentSettings, IVariableCollection variables, T config)` method - evaluates the variables based on `config` specified
- `Evaluate(IEngineEnvironmentSettings environmentSettings, IVariableCollection variables, IGeneratedSymbolConfig generatedSymbolConfig)` method - evaluates the variables based on `generatedSymbolConfig` specified
- `CreateConfig(IEngineEnvironmentSettings environmentSettings, IGeneratedSymbolConfig generatedSymbolConfig)` method - creates macro-specific configuration from `generatedSymbolConfig`, that later on can be passed to `Evaluate` method.

The implementation of macro config may have:
- Properties/methods derived from `IMacroConfigDependency` interface:

>     `ResolveSymbolDependencies(IReadOnlyList<string> symbols)` - populates `Dependencies` property of the macro, based on passed symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `ResolveSymbolDependencies(IReadOnlyList<string> symbols)` - the method should identify the dependencies of macro configuration on symbols, and populate `Dependencies` property of the macro with dependent symbol names.
```

            environmentSettings.Host.Logger.LogDebug("[{macro}]: Variable '{var}' was assigned to value '{value}'.", nameof(HelloMacro), config.VariableName, greetings);
        }

>         public override HelloMacroConfig CreateConfig(IEngineEnvironmentSettings environmentSettings, IGeneratedSymbolConfig generatedSymbolConfig) => new(this, generatedSymbolConfig);

Reviewer: it would be good to add a basic test for this class

Author: done

Reviewer: This test should be added to the UnitTests, not to the doc :)

Author: FakeMacroTests class is added
